Doc update on polymorphic views (#1863)
graphile/crystal: postgraphile/website/postgraphile/polymorphism.md

:::

:::tip

> If you have a `view` instead of a `table`, make sure to define a
> primary key using `@primaryKey` smart tag. Otherwise, it may
> produce un-predictable results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For polymorphism to work, your table must have a primary key; we
currently do not automatically detect the lack of primary key, so
you may receive unexpected results (typically `null`s) without one.
If you have a `view` instead of a `table`, make sure to define a
primary key using the `@primaryKey` smart tag.
```
